- 👋 Looking to reconnect with you loved ones who have become lost in digital distractions?  Nantbach Retreat offers you the opportunity to step off the conveyor belt of life, reconnect with those most important to you and more importantly yourself. 
- 👀 Nestled in our forest with far reaching views over rolling Welsh hills let your attention be focused on the beauty of nature that surrounds you.  Revisit the wonder of childhood where new sounds and images promoted a love of learning, exploring and adventure.  
- 🌱 Look out for Buzzards, Kites,  Woodpeckers, Cuckoo, Owls, Jays, Tree Creepers, Robins, who have made the forest at Nant their home.  Along with our lovely neighbours, a flock of 30 Texil sheep with their lambs who spend their day's manicuring the surrounding fields.
- 💞️ Experience the magic of the Llyn Peninsula with the breathtaking bays, beaches and hills which surround Nantbach Retreat. Located in the grounds of Nant farm at Boduan, makes for a perfect family seaside break full of coastal walks, wild swimming, surfing, coasteering, climbing, riding and walking – everything's here for a non-stop activity break or watersports holiday. 
- 📫 Accommodation (sleeps 4)You have access to the Podfather. This larger pod is set up as a seating area for getting closer to nature and feels like a tiny home amongst the forest. The two futon sofas can unfold into a double mattress with all bedding provided. Additionally, coffee table and dimmable lighting make it a great secret den and sleepover pod for nature lovers. By night, decorative solar lights illuminate the path through the forest to the pods and the area around the pods. Your secluded retreat also features a fire pit area with campfire log stump seating. We provide a small camping gas stove (with canister) and pots/pans if you wish to do some basic outdoor cooking. This area can also be used for disposable BBQs and alfresco dining. If you wish to use the fire pit, a kit with dried logs, sticks and firelighters is available to purchase, or you are welcome to bring your own. All guests must be responsible with fire pit and BBQ usage and not leave any fire unattended. Access to a modern shower room - comprising a shower, sink and toilet is located in the farm house privy building, located a short walk from the pitch, along with an outside kitchen and prep area. Cutlery, crockery, bedding and blankets are provided and included in the booking price, but please bring your own towels if you wish to use the shower facilities.
- 😄 There is parking available for one vehicle at the top of the forest. Additional nearby parking is available upon request. You are welcome to enjoy the land and generally make yourselves at home. Any questions or special requests just let us know :)
- ⚡ These unique and quirky treehouse style pods perch on their own private site offer sunset views across the rolling Welsh valleys and countryside. With an outdoor seating area for firepits, deck chairs and escaping to nature. Dogs are welcomed however must be on a lead at all times and owners to clean up after them.
- Alternatively we offer a camping barn for 2 with the luxury of king sized bed, wood fire stove with warming overn, private court yard BBQ space with outside lounging faciities and private kitchen and shower room if you prefer.
- Find us on Insta, @nantbachretreat for more photos and to follow our glamping story.<!---
NantbachRetreat/NantbachRetreat is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
